

Summary from our second breakout: 

Since we have not all met simultaneously, I will do my best to convey what was decided and what responsibilities are going forward. Allen and Quincy will elaborate if I miss anything. 

Decisions: 

Our scope will be a 1 beer-3 market penetration question. Our one beer will be a "franken-beer" made up of popular characteristics found in our dataset. We were posed the question 'which market would be the most receptive to this new beer? ' There are 3 markets that the client (a large brewery with few craft beer options in their lineup) has an eye on, Boston, San Antonio, and Salt Lake City. It is up to us to determine what the best answer would be to this question. 


Responsibilities: 


Nick - finish the dataset with the researched IBU and brewery location data. Give the brewery location data to Heber and the Beer stats to Allen and Chris. 


Allen - Run a secondary analysis on the data that Nick gives you. Also begin a narration for the summary. 


Quincy - Pass market information to Heber. Work on "franken-beer" with Chris if he needs a breakdown. Begin the '1-pager' for market entry. 


Heber - Finish the population data, focusing on the three target markets (San Antonio, Salt Lake City, Boston). Work on brewery location data that Nick will send by Tuesday night. Begin formulating market characteristics between the markets and some interesting viewpoints that we can use as parameters. Find some common traits between the markets. 


Chris - Your goal is to develop "franken-beer", it will be combination of 3 weighted categories of the original and updated data (once Nick gets it out - but the categories won't change). You can choose to do it by whichever categories you want, but there will be some ratings data coming soon if you want to include that. An example might be: This beer has 3 categories IBU (40%) , ABV (35%), Style (25%) , or you decide a style (hefeweizen), aggregate all the hef data and then decide (based on ratings) which beers do well. This beer is the catalyst, so our market research depends on the type of beer, not vice-versa. Please do not take markets into consideration, essentially they do not exist to you for this part of the project. 


Please make yourself available on Tuesday night during class time and come prepared. If anyone needs help, ask.  Make sure you are all pushing data to the GitHub. Also, please start thinking about what you will be presenting..everyone has 4 minutes to summarize their part of the presentation. We want to have this 98% completed by Next Sunday and just throw stuff together. 



Awesome - Heber, hope you feel better soon! 
